## Q4

A. Based on the results from Q1 of A2, I believe that the true decision boundaries are non-linear. 
This is because although the current model does a good job of categorizing, it still has a meaningful error component.
Since our best model uses two quadratic boundaries, we should either continue tweaking these boundaries, as we may be able
to refine them further, or conclude that the classes cannot be completely correctly classified just with linear boundaries.

B. Based on the results from Q2 of A2, the model that performs best is model 4. I believe this is a
consequence of including the interaction term between x1 and x2, as the results of the other three models are all quite
similar. Additionally, model 3 stands out as better than models 1 and 2, and includes the self interaction terms for
x1 and x2, which suggests that these are strongly predictive terms.

C. Based on the results from Q2 of A2, models 1 and 2 appear to be underfitting, because ...

D. Based on the results of Q3 from A2, the additive model (model 2) is the best performing model. This makes sense when
looking at the ground truth function, as the exponential function is monotonic and (relatively) linear in the terms
x1 and x2. Thus, using x1 and x2 without any quadratic or interaction terms is most representative of the ground truth,
so we would expect the model to be most accurate. Based on the results from the Bias Squared column of the table, models
2 and 3 appear to be performing unbiased estimation. This is likely occurring for the same reason, as the model is able to
approximate the groundtruth closely.
